Add installer stage to cmake (#22)
rcsb/mmtf-cpp: README.md

For your more complicated projects, a `CMakeLists.txt` is included for you.

## Installation
This is a header only project and hence there is no compilation necessary. If you want to use it in your project you can
download this repo and add `-I/full/path/to/mmtf-cpp/include` to your `g++` or `clang++` command.  
*REMINDER* This project depends on [msgpack-c](https://github.com/msgpack/msgpack-c), you must also install that to your system

> or add the `msgpack-c` include directory to your g++ command as well.  

Reviewer: Following up on @speleo3 comment: let's remove this paragraph. It is indeed just repeating what is already written a few lines above in "How to use MMTF".
A pity that I cannot use the new change suggestion system to suggest a change covering multiple lines... ;-)

For your more complicated projects, a `CMakeLists.txt` is included for you.

## Installation
This is a header only project and hence there is no compilation necessary. If you want to use it in your project you can
download this repo and add `-I/full/path/to/mmtf-cpp/include` to your `g++` or `clang++` command.  
*REMINDER* This project depends on [msgpack-c](https://github.com/msgpack/msgpack-c), you must also install that to your system
or add the `msgpack-c` include directory to your g++ command as well.  

You can also perform a system wide installation with `cmake` and `ninja` (or `make`).  This is generally how you would

> install something for a `Docker` image.

Reviewer: > This is generally how you would install something for a `Docker` image.

Can we remove the Docker line? I somehow don't see how this is relevant since nothing about `ninja install` (or having `cmake` configure it) is Docker specific...

Author: I'm definitely okay removing it, but since we had those two people post issues about properly building/installing into containers I figured the keyword 'docker' would help direct them to the right section of the README. If you still think it's useless though, I'll remove it.

Reviewer: I don't remember any of them mentioning Docker or containers, but maybe I missed it. I thought they were just building packages for their favorite Linux distribution...

> to do so:

Author: Love this feature!

```bash
mkdir build
cd build
cmake -G Ninja -Dmmtf_install_system=ON ..
sudo ninja install
```

`cmake` automatically sets the installation directory to `/usr/local/include`, if you want to install it to another `*include/` directory
run `cmake` with the command:
```bash
cmake -G Ninja -Dmmtf_install_system=ON -DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX=/home/me/local ..
```

> Be aware that `/include` is added to the end of `DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX` and that is where your files are installed. ie the above would install at `/home/me/local/include/`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Be aware that `/include` is added to the end of `DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX` and that is where your files are installed (i.e. the above would install at `/home/me/local/include/`).
```
